new tool: idle-crafting (#1257)
DFHack/scripts: docs/idle-crafting.rst

idle-crafting
=============

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Allow dwarfs to automatically satisfy their need to craft objects.
    :tags: fort gameplay

This script allows dwarves to automatically satisfy their crafting needs. The
script is configured through an overlay that is added to the main page of
craftsdwarf's workshops, as described below.

Usage
-----

::

>     idle-crafting status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    idle-crafting [status]
```

>     idle-crafting status

Reviewer: also needs an `enable idle-crafting` line to indicate that it is enableable. no need to document `disable idle-crafting`. That's assumed.

Author: I'm not sure what the "enabled" contract for this tool should be. Currently, it just enables itself when a workshop is designated for idle crafting, and it disables itself once there are no more workshops designated for idle crafting.

Author: I came to the conclusion that `enable` doesn't make my sense for this tool. Thus `enable idle-crafting` will simply output an explanatory message. However, `disable idle-crafting` does make sense and is now implemented as forbidding idle crafting at all workshops (same as `idle-crafting disable`).

idle-crafting
=============

.. dfhack-tool::

>     :summary: Allow dwarfs to automatically satisfy their need to craft objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :summary: Allow dwarves to independently craft objects when they have the need.
```

Reviewer: I think this phrasing might be better for a "gameplay" tool. As written, I'd classify it more as an "automation" tool.

    :tags: fort gameplay

> This script allows dwarves to automatically satisfy their crafting needs. The
> script is configured through an overlay that is added to the main page of
> craftsdwarf's workshops, as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script allows you to mark specific Craftsdwarf's Workshops for use as
"recreational crafting" stations. Dwarves who feel the need to craft objects
will be able to go there to independently satisfy their crafting needs without
manual intervention from the player.

There will be a toggle on the workshop info sheet ("Tasks") tab when you
select a Craftsdwarf's Workshop in the UI. More details below.
```

Usage
-----

::

>     idle-crafting status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    idle-crafting [status]
    idle-crafting thresholds <thresholds>
```

    idle-crafting disable

>     disable idle-crafting

Reviewer: I suggest choosing one to be the canonical form, and only documenting that form. Both can be supported by the code, though, for flexibility.

The ``status`` command prints statistics about the status of the tool and the
satisfaction of "craft item" needs in your fort. Both variants of the
``disable`` command disallow idle crafting at all workshops and disable the
tool.

Examples
--------

``idle-crafting -t 10000,1000,500 status``
    Reset all thresholds to defaults and print status information.

Options
-------

> ``-t <number list>``, ``--thresholds <number list>``

Reviewer: I think this would be better represented as a subcommand instead of an option, since it takes a specific action that is logically distinct (I feel) from "status"

    Sets the threshold(s) for the "craft item" need (i.e. the negated
    ``focus_level``) at which the tool starts to generate crafting jobs for a
    given unit. Units meeting earlier (higher) thresholds will be

>     prioritized. Defaults to ``10000,1000,500``.

Reviewer: I suggest accepting the list of numbers in any order and then sorting/deduping to canonicalize. In particular, for the documentation I suspect writing examples in ascending order (`500,1000,10000`) would be more understandable.

Author: I went with sorting only, duplicate threshold will just lead to empty categories, which should not have any effect whatsoever.

Overlay
-------

> This script provides an overlay to the "Tasks" tab of craftsdwarf's workshops,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script provides an overlay on the "Tasks" tab of Craftsdwarf's workshops,
```

> This script provides an overlay to the "Tasks" tab of craftsdwarf's workshops,

Reviewer: We've discussed a little on Discord about placement. You didn't put this on the "Workers" tab because the tab is too crowded with `orders` overlay widgets, correct? Can we rearrange those widgets to make room for this one?

Another option is to hang the `idle-crafting` toggle off the side of the panel, like we do for the stocks screen:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b84e6be2-389a-468a-aec7-095d31b83f6e)

Author: While I do think that hanging toggles of to the side is acceptable for things that are essentially full-screen, I don't think that it's the right thing to do for building cards.

![craft_workers](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/957ef0f3-ad4b-4a0d-b15e-c93c9aa149f5)

The only solution I can see for gaining a reasonable amount of space would be to split the "Permitted General Work Order Labors" into two columns. However, that is a list widget, so splitting this would complicate the code elsewhere.

Reviewer: How much room does this widget need? Can it be made to fit in the area to the left of the Permitted General Work Order Labors panel?

Alternately, we could make the Permitted panel shorter and let the list be scrollable.

Author: I would say that the natural form is a single long line at the bottom. So, it technically does fit, but it does look a bit squished.
![squeeze](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4296e6fb-8c0c-457c-bc36-9e3a3f6eb7bf)

What about extending the "Permitted General Work Orders" to the full width, and moving their labels to the right of the list? This would provide the one line distance to make it not look squished, while also avoiding scrolling.

Reviewer: I think we can shrink the labor list by 2 rows to accommodate this

> allowing you to designate that workshop for use by idle dwarfs to satisfy their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allowing you to designate that workshop for use by idle dwarves to satisfy their
```

needs to craft objects. Workshops that have a master assigned cannot be used in
this way.

When a workshop is designated for idle crafting, this tool will create crafting

> jobs and assign them to idle dwarfs who have a need for crafting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jobs and assign them to idle dwarves who have a need for crafting
```

objects. Currently, bone carving and stone crafting are supported, with stone
crafting being the default option. This script respects the setting for
permitted general work orders from the "Workers" tab. Thus, to designate a
workshop for bone carving, disable the stone crafting labor on for their

> workshop, will keeping bone carving enabled.

Reviewer: this sentence doesn't quite parse
